Research:
Introduction
    To best understand the current landscape of air quality apps, a research phase is needed. This phase first went to explore
    what features were currently supported by existing apps.
    It was found that standalone Air Quality apps are very sparse. There are several reasons for this including society interest, data availability and compatibility.

    Society Interest
        Until recent years, air quality hasn't been of particular interest or concern to a large part of the population.
        Most were unaware of its purpose, and even less of how its calculated.
    Data Availability
        Another main issue was the lack of regular data from across the globe. Most countries haven't been consistently collecting this type of data on a national level.
        Recent efforts have been made to increase the collection of air quality data which has been fueled by reasons detailed in the next section.
    Compatibility
        As the case with many novel data collection initiatives, most countries decide internally how to go about collecting data which leads to diverging practices
        across the world. This is usually not an issue early on as there are only a few players collecting data on a national level and so exchanging
        it between entities can be done with relatively limited effort. When the scale becomes bigger, it becomes exponentially more complicated and costly to convert
        different collection practices resulting in the need to communicate and agree on a common framework.
        While large strides have been made, we are still at a phase where different countries have different measurements and different thresholds to define air quality

Popularity & Application
    With the impacts of climate change becoming more socially known at the turn of the century, people and governments developed a stronger interest in tracking
    levels of different pollutants in the atmosphere.
    Another avenue is the strong shift of people to big cities. This has caused an overall increase in pollutants and also an overall larger number of people concerened
    by pollution levels.

    Pollutants high up in the atmosphere affect individuals at a different level than those on street level. This lead to the creation of micro-stations that collect
    data directly on the street. These can be used nationally to better understand levels of different pollutants across a country. They can also be used locally by
    city officials to know what policies to enact


Feature Exploration
    Once understanding the need for providing air quality data, a design exploration phase could be started.
    Multiple stages were undertaken, the first was an exploration into what platform would be optimal.
    It was quickly discovered that strong similarities existed between weather applications and air quality applications. This became a useful aspect for further exploration.

    Weather & Air Quality Applications
        It was found that both weather and air quality applications shared many similarities. This suscitated a deeper level analysis to understand why that was the case.
        Weather data collection was found to have a similar journey to air quality as explored in the above section. In brief, global data for weather was not initially standardised.
        Initially, specific industries were most in need of accurate weather data (maritime navigation, air navigation to name a few) which helped drive progress in the technology,
        standardisation and locational accuracy. With this increase in data availability, the global population gained an interest in having access to hyper-localised data
        for everyday use.
        Similarities also exist in the opportunity of data manipulation. Both weather and air quality applications have an interest in predicting future conditions.

    Recap of Similarities & Differences
        Similarities            |   Differences
        ----------------------------------------------------
                                |   Weather Application         |   Air Quality Application
                                | ------------------------------------------------------------------------
        National Interest       |   Commercial Interest First   |   National/International Interest First
        Prediction              |   Standardised Measurements   |   Nationally different standards (Main US vs China)
        Hyper localised         |
        Multiple locations      |



Feature definition

    With a better understanding of the history and use of Air Quality app, an initial feature definition can be explored.

    Initial unbiased research is greatly important in exploring features for any product. However, with the aim not of reinventing the wheel, a review of existing products is needed.
    This allows us to explore what has currently been done in order to take the best of what exists, build on with new available technologies and practices, and remove or improve any
    past issues.

    Competing Products Review

        Accuweather
        AirVisual
        Traditional Weather App

    API research
        In order to not create an overly ambitious and unatainable product, a research of available APIs was conducted.
        This consisted of scouraging the internet for opensource and reliable data providers that can be collected through APIs

Architecture
    Activity Diagram & Sequence Diagram

Design Exploration
    With a better idea of the requirements and architecture of the proposed solution, we can now go into the design exploration phase.
    This phases consisted of an overview of existing products as well as concept ideas.


Low-Fidelity Prototyping
    Hand Sketches
    User Testing

High-Fidelity Prototyping
    Iterative Process (show different versions of different).

Conclusion

Further Work
    Testing of High-Fidelity,
    Iterative design,
    Creation
